Put all goal text into localization file (#291)
ModDota/dota-tutorial: game/resource/addon_english.txt

        "Goal_1_Camera_3" "Attack SUNSfan."
        "Goal_1_Movement_1" "Move to the marked waypoint."
        "Goal_1_Movement_2" "Move to the second waypoint."
        "Goal_1_Leveling_1" "Stun Pugna Purge using your Dragon Tail ability to stop his monologue."
        "Goal_1_Leveling_2" "Level up your Dragon Tail ability."
        "Goal_1_Leveling_3" "Level up your Breathe Fire ability."
        "Goal_1_BreatheFire_1" "Kill Slacks using your Breathe Fire ability."
        "Goal_1_Shop_1" "Open the shop."
        "Goal_1_Shop_2" "Use the gold provided to purchase a Tango."
        "Goal_1_Shop_3" "Use tango to eat a tree and escape."
        "Goal_1_Shop_4" "Move to the target location."
        "Goal_2_Opening_1" "Move to the marked location next to the top barracks."
        "Goal_2_Opening_2" "Listen to SUNSfan and Slacks."
        "Goal_2_Opening_3" "Wait for the creeps to prepare for the assault."
        "Goal_2_Opening_4" "Move behind the creeps and prepare to move."
        "Goal_2_Opening_5" "Wait for the creeps to reach combat positions."
        "Goal_2_Opening_6" "Move behind the creeps and prepare for combat."
        "Goal_2_Creeps_1" "Last hit enemy creeps"

>         "Goal_2_Creeps_2" "Last hit enemy creeps using Breath Fire"

Reviewer: Missing period (also line above)

        "Goal_2_Creeps_3" "Deny friendly creeps"
        "Goal_2_Creeps_4" "Kill Sniper."
        "Goal_2_Tower_1" "Attack the enemy's top tower."
        "Goal_2_Tower_2" "Wait to respawn."

>         "Goal_2_Tower_3" "Move to position close to the tower."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "Goal_2_Tower_3" "Move to a position closer to the tower."
```

        "Goal_2_Tower_4" "Hold the Alt key to see the tower's radius."
        "Goal_2_Tower_5" "Follow through the points shown"
        "Goal_2_Tower_6" "Follow points to your starting position"
        "Goal_2_Tower_7" "Attack the enemy's top tower."
        "Goal_2_Tower_8" "Train your ultimate ability."
        "Goal_2_Tower_9" "Spend remaining ability points on the rest of your abilities."
        "Goal_2_Tower_10" "Use your ultimate ability."
        "Goal_2_Tower_11" "Attack the enemy's top tower."

>         "Goal_2_Tower_12" "Use your own Glyph."

Reviewer: 'own' seems weird here, not like we can use anyone else's glyph
